Welcome to lesson four, Data Lakes.
In this lesson, we'll understand the need for data lakes,
how they are different from a data warehouse,
and the various options for implementing it on AWS.
You need to know the basic knowledge for database design SQL, programming in Python,
data warehouse architecture, dimensional modelling,
and you should be familiar with AWS services, Spark and HDFS.
So, we will start by knowing why do we need the data lake,
and then we will go review a little bit,
in a closer look,
the big data technology effect on data warehousing.
And then we will go and see how data lakes work,
and then we will go through the different options
for implementing a big data lake on AWS.
Finally, we will see what are the current issues with data lakes.